Cleanup and modernize (#5)
ferrous-systems/teaching-material: presentations/overview/slides.adoc

- These properties are guaranteed at compile time and have no runtime cost!
- Optimizing compiler based on LLVM
- Features with runtime cost are explicit and hard to activate "by accident"
- No reflection
- Zero-cost abstractions

> - "Pay what you use": Rust has features with a runtime cost in an explicit and visible way. Features not used don't cost anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Pay what you use": Rust has features with a runtime cost in an explicit and visible way. Unused features do not come with an associated cost.
```
